fix: clarification, "using the OpenShift web console" (#2326)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/installing-image-puller-on-openshift-using-the-web-console.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE

> :navtitle: Installing {image-puller-name-short} on OpenShift using the web console

Reviewer: "by using" in the navtitle?

:keywords: administration-guide, image-puller, openshift, operator, operatorhub
:page-aliases: .:installing-image-puller-on-openshift-using-operatorhub, installing-image-puller-on-openshift-using-operatorhub

> [id="installing-image-puller-on-openshift-using-the-web-console_{context}"]

Author: ```suggestion
[id="installing-image-puller-on-openshift-by-using-the-web-console_{context}"]
```

> = Installing {image-puller-name-short} on OpenShift using the web console

Reviewer: Substitute multiple instances of `using` with `by using` throughout this PR.

> = Installing {image-puller-name-short} on OpenShift using the web console

Author: ```suggestion
= Installing {image-puller-name-short} on OpenShift by using the web console
```

> You can install the {image-puller-operator-name} on OpenShift using the OpenShift web console.

Reviewer: by using

> This procedure describes how to install the {image-puller-operator-name} on OpenShift using the OpenShift web console.

Reviewer: Replace multiple instances of `This procedure describes how to` (or similar) with `You can` throughout this PR.

> This procedure describes how to install the {image-puller-operator-name} on OpenShift using the OpenShift web console.

Author: ```suggestion
You can install the {image-puller-operator-name} on OpenShift using the OpenShift web console.
```

.Prerequisites

* xref:defining-the-list-of-images-to-pull.adoc[]

* xref:defining-the-memory-parameters-for-the-image-puller.adoc[].

* A web console session with administrative access on the destination OpenShift instance. See link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/{ocp4-ver}/web_console/web-console.html[Accessing the web console].

.Procedure

> . Install the *{image-puller-operator-name}*. See link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/{ocp4-ver}/operators/admin/olm-adding-operators-to-cluster.html#olm-installing-from-operatorhub-using-web-console_olm-adding-operators-to-a-cluster[Installing from OperatorHub using the web console].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Install the {image-puller-operator-name}. See link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/{ocp4-ver}/operators/admin/olm-adding-operators-to-cluster.html#olm-installing-from-operatorhub-using-web-console_olm-adding-operators-to-a-cluster[Installing from OperatorHub using the web console].
```

Reviewer: Remove bold formatting from multiple instances of product names in the PR.

> . Create a *{image-puller-deployment-name}* `{image-puller-cr-name}` operand from the {image-puller-operator-name}. See https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.10/operators/user/olm-creating-apps-from-installed-operators.html[Creating applications from installed Operators].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create a {image-puller-deployment-name} `{image-puller-cr-name}` operand from the {image-puller-operator-name}. See https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.10/operators/user/olm-creating-apps-from-installed-operators.html[Creating applications from installed Operators].
```

Reviewer: Do you use "a" or "an" before the {image-puller-deployment-name}?

Author: a kubernetes-image-puller KubernetesImagePuller operand

> . Create a *{image-puller-deployment-name}* `{image-puller-cr-name}` operand from the {image-puller-operator-name}, specifying your values for parameters such as *Images* and *Caching Memory Request*. See https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.10/operators/user/olm-creating-apps-from-installed-operators.html[Creating applications from installed Operators].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create a *{image-puller-deployment-name}* `{image-puller-cr-name}` operand from the {image-puller-operator-name}. See https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.10/operators/user/olm-creating-apps-from-installed-operators.html[Creating applications from installed Operators].
```
Remove `, specifying your values for parameters such as *Images* and *Caching Memory Request*` if those steps are clearly covered in the topic you reference. 

If they are not covered in that topic, consider emphasizing these steps by making them a separate sentence, substeps, or note. In their present form, these steps are easy to dismiss as unimportant.
